In certain programming languages the source code is not directly translated by the target
machine. Instead, a different program, aka the interpreter, reads and executes the code,
this is called an interpreted language.
2. Type checking is performed at runtime, means that the type of a variable is allowed to
change over its lifetime, this is called dynamic typing.
3. JS for web browser work doesn’t tend to use classes to make objects, and is written in a
more functional style.
4. Variables that are block scoped, not declarable use the keyword const
5. Scope determines the accessibility (visibility) of variables.
6. Variables assigned with the let keyword are block scoped and not redeclarable.
7. Functions that can be passed as an argument to another function and called later are
called callback functions.
8. Non primitive data types are (almost)all technically objects in memory.


9. Make an html page called in-class-4.html and a file called in-class-4.js:
a. in the html file add html and header elements, and add a script tag that
references in-class-4.js relatively via its src attribute
b. in-class-4.js put:
i. a console.log(“in-class-4.js loaded!”);
c. now and a second script tag in the html file and:
i. create a const variable called firstObject and assign to it an object created
via a literal constructor with a property called name and another property
called echo. For the value of name put your first namd and for the value of
echo add a function to console.log your name(remember to use the this
keyword to access the name property of the object) and call the echo
method of the firstName object
ii. after the echo call from the previous question, update the value of the
name to your last name and call echo again, you should have
“in-class-4.js loaded!”, “your first name”, “Your last name” as output

10. In the in-class-4.js file:
a. Make an array with the elements 1,2,3,4,5. Create a for loop and in the code
block:
i. If the index is odd console log a string with the index number and if it is
odd or even, an example: “1 is odd!”, “2 is even!”. Use If statements and
template literals for this.