1. What is javascript? How does an interpreted programming language differ from a compiled language? Javascript is a dynamic 
programming language that works well alongside HTML and CSS because it adds interactivity to web pages. Javascript is an 
interpreted language, which means that the source code is read and run by the interpreter (a different program). Compiled
languages are directly translated into machine code once compiled.
2. Contrast dynamically typed programming languages with statically typed ones. And contrast strongly typed programming languages 
with weakly typed ones. (google these) Dynamically typed languages (like JavaScript) perform type checking at run time, which means
that the variable type is able to change over time. On the other hand, statically typed languages (like C++) perform type checking
at compile time, which means that the variable types are known before the program actually runs. Weakly typed languages (like 
JavaScript) allows variables to be used without specifying their data type. Strongly typed languages (like Java) do not allow variables
to be used without specifying and a variable's type is enforced and cannot be explicitly converted without declaring and assigning.
3. What is the difference between var, let, and const when declaring variables in JS? These are all different keywords for variable
declaration in JavaScript. Var means the variable is redlarable and global and function scoped. Let means that the variable is redlarable
and block scoped. Const means that the variable is block scoped and not redeclarable.
4. What are anonymous functions? Higher order functions? Callback functions? First class? An anonymous function is a function without a 
name,and these are not used very often. Higher order functions return a function or take other functions as arguments. Callback functions 
are functions that are passed as an argument to another function in order to be called later.
5. Define objects in JavaScript. Objects are a non-primitive data type, which means that they are able to store a collection of values in
different formats. Objects are collections of properties, which means that it associates between keys and values.